Why spend 5 million to buy a can of fake Dahongpao tea?
This is fake. This is fake.
What nonsense is the kid talking about?
This red robe
But I spent a lot of effort to find someone to buy it.
This crappy tea leaves need someone to buy it for you
If you don't talk about it, who will?
Um
This tea is only 39.9 yuan
I said if you have any brains
You won't be fooled by this little trick.
I spent 5 million to buy the same fake tea on Taobao
If you say you are not stupid, then who is stupid?
Is authenticity that important?
Since I spent 5 million to buy it
Then he is worth 5 million
It's you
You use such a cheap product to deceive Fei'er.
What's your intention?
I think it's you who is cheating.
Sister-in-law, if you dare to speak nonsense again
I will tear your mouth apart
How come you broke down after just a few words?
It seems that your title as the eldest son of the Chen family is very exaggerated.
good
You said your broken tea set is more expensive than my Da Hong Pao, right?
I'd like to see
How hard